Fixed documentation links and formatting in README and installation (#250)
ai-dynamo/grove: README.md

Modern AI inference workloads need capabilities that Kubernetes natively doesn't provide out-of-the-box:

- **Scaling for Multi-Node/Multi-Pod Units** - Large models may be sharded across multiple nodes, meaning a single model instance spans multiple pods. In this case, the fundamental scaling unit is no longer an individual pod, but an entire group of pods that together form one model instance.

> - **Hierarchical Gang scheduling** - Multi-node model instances require pods to be scheduled together; if less than required pods are scheduled, the model is unusable, resources remain idle, and the system can deadlock waiting for the remaining pods. Disaggregated inference has similar constraints: at least one prefill instance and one decode instance must be scheduled to form a functional pipeline. Therefore, gang scheduling must occur at multiple levels,ensuring required components start together as an all-or-nothing unit.

Reviewer: missing whitespace.

```suggestion
- **Hierarchical Gang scheduling** - Multi-node model instances require pods to be scheduled together; if less than required pods are scheduled, the model is unusable, resources remain idle, and the system can deadlock waiting for the remaining pods. Disaggregated inference has similar constraints: at least one prefill instance and one decode instance must be scheduled to form a functional pipeline. Therefore, gang scheduling must occur at multiple levels, ensuring required components start together as an all-or-nothing unit.
```

> - **Hierarchical Gang scheduling** - Multi-node model instances require pods to be scheduled together; if less than required pods are scheduled, the model is unusable, resources remain idle, and the system can deadlock waiting for the remaining pods. Disaggregated inference has similar constraints: at least one prefill instance and one decode instance must be scheduled to form a functional pipeline. Therefore, gang scheduling must occur at multiple levels,ensuring required components start together as an all-or-nothing unit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Hierarchical Gang scheduling** - Multi-node model instances require pods to be scheduled together; if only a subset of the required pods are scheduled, the model is unusable, resources remain idle, and the system can deadlock waiting for the remaining pods. Disaggregated inference has similar constraints: at least one prefill instance and one decode instance must be scheduled to form a functional pipeline. Therefore, gang scheduling must occur at multiple levels,ensuring required components start together as an all-or-nothing unit.
```

Author: Done

## Quick Start on Local Kind Cluster

> Get Grove running in 5 minutes on a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get Grove running in 5 minutes on a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster on your local machine:
```
